# What is the project about?
RadioMe aims to perform real-time radio remixing for people with moderate to mild dementia. It would devise a way for them to live independently at homes and reduce the need for carers and family members. Research has suggested that music can help patients regulate emotions such as depression, aggression, and anxiety. Therefore, this project would control agitation by playing back music based on their mood. Additionally, it addresses symptoms like memory loss by providing them with personalised reminders to perform daily tasks.

Dementia is a syndrome that hampers the regular functioning of the brain. It includes symptoms such as memory loss, difficulties with performing daily tasks, and problems with thinking speed and judgement. Dementia generally affects individuals after the age of 65 years and it is estimated that around 1 million people will suffer from the syndrome by 2025.
Among the elderly population, it is common for people to listen to the radio for entertainment. Additionally, many suggest that it prevents them from feeling lonely. RadioMe aims to remix and customise radio programmes to assist people suffering from dementia. This would enable such individuals to prolong their independent stay at homes before going to care homes and therefore, minimising the need for carers and the responsibility on family members.

RadioMe includes collaborators from [different universities](./people), each of them working on different aspects of the project. Specifically, our work package includes audio classification of radio signals and speech synthesis of a DJ-like voice that assists the individuals with their daily tasks.